hi guys Chuck here once again for a
cheap bastard dotnet and after our last
video presentation we got some requests
the last video presentation had to do
with storing water to keep your freezer
cooler and in case you need to force on
an auxiliary water supply in case that
hits the fan now following up on
that I got a few emails flying Chuck so
I Stewart 2048 62 litre balls full of
water where do I put them all because I
can't get them inside of a fridge no
problem we went to work on this problem
right away and today we're gonna deliver
a solution that you can build at home
for under $10 and it's so simple so easy
you can do with basic hand tools or if
you have some power hand tools laying
around
you put those to work to it so stick
with us we're gonna breathe through the
process and today we're gonna we're
gonna build a 2 liter water bottle
storage tower right here on the cheap
bastard net so let's go through the
process what you're gonna need today is
a couple of things you might need to go
to the store you might have it laying on
the garage if you have a couple boards
laying around I'm talking with maybe 18
inch by 12 inch shot boards that maybe
you have left over from your kids
science project all right you just have
left over from whatever our job you did
around the house so I want to 18 by 12
inch boards will do fine you can give or
take a little bit neither end we need
four wooden dowels you don't have to go
to the store and buy those big fancy
wooden dowels at our arts and craft
supply store go to the local hardware
store buy replacement mop handles or
broom handles they go for about two
dollars two dollars and fifty cents each
you're gonna receive about 75 percent of
the price just by using those instead
and finally a little yellow carpenters
glue laying around is what's gonna put
this whole project together no pounding
no nailing and you're gonna have a great
project at the end of the day
taking no time at all to put together
and your commode laughing in the end and
you get all these two-liter bottles out
of your way so stay tuned we'll take you
through the process all right we're back
outside again here and what we have is
our materials what I have is a 12 inch
by 36 inch board that I'm going to rip
into two well up to 18 inch pieces
before we get started
every time everyone will say it get it
through your thick head always have your
safety glasses on I learned the hard way
once and you don't know pain until
you've had a splinter in your eye and
that's something I did 23 years ago and
I will never ever do it again so we'll
go ahead and we'll rip this thing down
and we'll have we're almost done
and we have our two 18-inch bases and
I'll show you what shape is it going to
take what is going to serve as the base
platform the other one's going to serve
as a mobile upper platform this kind of
sandwich all the bottles in between now
quick we got our four wooden handles
here that we got at the hardware store
for two dollars and fifty cents each
okay though they're hardwood so they're
gonna hold up and they're gonna be rigid
and stiff because the green of the wood
is much tighter and if you look down
here at the base I'll show you what
we're gonna do here's how all the pieces
are gonna come together in this project
now that we have our square base at the
bottom we're gonna bring in our dowels
now our dowels will go roughly to on
these two spots right here sandwiching
the bottles in between them but leaving
some space here at the edge so it
doesn't become tippy and unstable the
corresponding other two will also go
right about here just enough to store
the two bottles on the inside and again
always keeping an extra ledge space at
the at the side so that the weight of
the bottles doesn't tip it to one side
or the other so let's get to work all
right next we're gonna trim off the
edges here just just outside the the
metal caller here the middle sleeve at
the end of these broom handles we'll
just trim these off real quick like and
get that underway
okay with all of our pieces cut up we've
got our four upright dowels we've got
our top and our bottom plate we're gonna
go ahead and drill through the top in
the bottom plate so that they're
symmetrical we have them stacked here
one on top of the other and so the holes
are gonna line up but we don't get
something looks like a leaning tower
even though it might look good according
to the ruler there's always some
variance whenever you're working with
the wood so let's go ahead and we're
gonna clamp these together here make
sure everything remains true everything
looks good we got all our finish edges
lined up and we'll go ahead and get to
work with the drilling
okay guys Chuck here once again and
we're about get out of here and we're
just both finished up right now we have
all our mortises and Tenon's drying up
under heavy wood glue
I've got everything stacked up inside
here we're gonna go all the way up with
it eventually when we fill up all of our
water bottles and I've got a five gallon
bucket here with some weights for
distributing everything while the glue
sets up and everything dries together
after that you can either stain it paint
it if you have leftover stain there
paint on the garage put it to use total
cost of all was just about just under
ten dollars for two dollars and fifty
cents each just for the broom handles
and everything else but just a little
ingenuity and some and some finger work
took a total total time 20 minutes an
actual labor all right stay tuned for
the next tip right here at the cheap
bastard neck